why are applying for financial aid.
I am a student of B.Tech in Computer Science. I do not have any source of income to pay for this course. I belong to a lower-middle-class India family and cannot afford to pay for this course.My father is a farmer and my mother is a housewife.Income level of our family is very less.Moreover we have a lot of debt to pay which was taken for my studies. I did the first course in machine learning with python through the financial aid provided by the Coursera. I found it helpful for my career as a Data Scientist. Receiving this Financial Aid will open a new horizon of the world of Coursera courses for me. That, in turn, will help me in future goal and building a successful career. I also plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in the previous course. The Finacial Aid will only push me further towards my goals and my dreams of one day having a successful career as a Data Scientist.

how will taking the course help you achieve your goals.
I am pursuing B.Tech in Computer Science. I want to complete the course as I found the course helpful for my career and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from University. It will help perform better in my career as a Data Scientist and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. Completing this course will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my career goals. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, that I have found to supplement my learning immensely. I also plan to grade assignments, which are to peer-reviewed, which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

if you answered no,please help us understand
The financial status of the family is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank, and my parents are paying it regularly. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. I don't want to put any pressure over them. It would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.
